addition of the link to the resource (#19)
MicrosoftDocs/Devices-docs: surface-hub/surface-hub-2s-secure-with-uefi-semm.md

## To boot into UEFI

Turn off Surface Hub 2S. Press and hold the **Volume Up** button and press the **Power** Button. Keep holding the Volume Up button until the UEFI menu appears.

## Enroll and configure Surface devices with SEMM

> To enroll and configure Surface devcies with SEMM see [Enroll and configure Surface devices with SEMM](https://docs.microsoft.com/surface/enroll-and-configure-surface-devices-with-semm) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enroll and configure Surface devices with SEMM, see the topic [Enroll and configure Surface devices with SEMM](https://docs.microsoft.com/surface/enroll-and-configure-surface-devices-with-semm) for details.
```
